in a story few could have foreseen
yesterday Apple was forced to lobotomize
its gamechanging new AI feature that
summarizes the news because it's been
hallucinating world events that never
actually happened like did you hear
Netanyahu was arrested or juicy
smollet's conviction was overturned or
that there's Pooh in your underwear two
of those stories are not actually true
but if you have an iPhone you might be
consuming artificial misinformation the
issue became so bad that a mainstream
reporter from The Washington Post said
it's wildly irresponsible that Apple
doesn't turn off summaries for the news
app until it get a bit better at this AI
thing Apple actually listened and is
temporarily turning off new summaries
and in the future will put a disclaimer
on every notification that it may
contain errors I'm dumbfounded that
Apple intelligence is not all that smart
but it's not even close to the stupidest
thing going on in Tech right now and by
the end of this video you might think
we're entering a singularity of
stupidity it is January 18th 2025 and
you're watching the code report Apple
intelligence not to be confused with
artificial intelligence is an incredibly
Innovative and perfectly balanced
product in fact it's so good that
there's now a subreddit dedicated to
Apple intelligence fails one thing it
tries to do is read your text messages
and summarize them it's rarely useful
but on the bright side when it gets
things wrong it can be pretty hilarious
like when you find out you have multiple
emergencies like a house Breakin a fire
and a lost fortnite match but it also
summarizes the news and that's how I
learned that Tech Bros are being
overthrown by minority coalitions to be
fair though Apple intelligence is
self-aware and can recognize a poorly
executed feature unfortunately I can't
say the same for Tech bro Mogul Mark
Zuckerberg people freaked out last week
when he said they building AI mid-level
engineers and then a couple days ago he
put his money where his mouth is and
laid off the bottom 5% of low performers
at meta and in a leaked internal memo it
said they're looking at an intense year
ahead it call me crazy but I don't trust
this guy disclaimer the clip I'm about
to show you is hard to watch where Mark
Zuckerberg is accused of lying about his
bow hunting skills to look cool in front
of Joe Rogan kind of bow do you have
gosh I didn't get to do it this season
but
um do you know the company that makes it
not off the top of my head I have to
know yeah no this is embarrassing this
is embarrassing um did you get someone
to coach you yeah yeah who coached you
um it's basically a bunch of the guys
who who um you know help Run Security
around the ranch okay yeah is awkward as
that was maybe he's not lying but even
if he does replace all mid-level
Engineers with AI you can still work for
a different Tech billionaire named Elon
Musk who's looking for human engineers
and no degree is required just show him
the code I'm looking for a job myself so
I sent him my code on Local Host 80 I
haven't heard anything back yet so wish
me luck Elon has had an interesting week
over 200,000 Teslas were recalled for
rearview camera issues but elon's most
embarrassing fail this week was that he
was called out by streamer asmin gold
for not being as good as he says he is
at video games he there's no way he
played that account you see Elon is one
of the top ranked players in the world
at Path of Exile and also Diablo 4 but
according to Experts of this game this
account is highly sus and very likely a
boosted account where Elon pays someone
to level up in the game for him after
asmin gold streamed about this this and
brought attention to the situation Elon
then got really mad and took away his
blue check mark and then leaked their
private DMS it's an incredibly petty and
stupid situation so let's get back to
something serious like AI one of the big
Tech CEOs that I hate the least is Saudi
and Nella he transformed Microsoft from
a company that virtually every developer
hated into a company that now no
developer can avoid with tools like BS
code GitHub and so on but now they're
shifting focus and formed a new division
called core AI where the purpose is to
create AI agents which they expect to be
a bigger Paradigm Shift than guy's
internet servers or Cloud native
databases speaking of Agents Amazon has
also been desperately trying to get
agents implemented into its Alexa spy
device but the darn thing just keeps
hallucinating Amazon wanted to launch
this thing back in October but it's
still delayed to this day but if you
made the mistake of opening Twitter
recently you'll notice there's all kinds
of vague hype coming out of open AI
around artificial super intelligence
there's like this Mass delusion among
Tech Bros that artificial super
intelligence is about to come and that's
despite the fact that all of open ai's
recent launches like Sora and 01 have
been largely buggy and disappointing if
they had anything close to an AGI let
alone an ASI they wouldn't need all
these job listings for software
Engineers artificial super intelligence
will never come and I'm willing to die
on that Hill because if I'm right I'm
right and if I'm wrong we'll all be dead
anyway there is one new product that
came out yesterday though that decided
not to go the AI route and that's the
Nintendo switch too Nintendo released a
trailer for it yesterday and while many
Nintendo fans are excited the
shareholders are not impressed and the
stock dropped after the launch it
appears the switch 2 is not going to be
some revolutionary new product but
really just more of the same with some
much needed better Hardware but another
massive failure in Tech this week is Tik
Tok if bite dance doesn't sell TiK ToK
by Sunday January 19th it'll be banned
in the United States and you could go to
jail for using it American Tik Tok users
are already posting their heartfelt
goodbye videos what's most hilarious
though is that many are learning
Mandarin so they can go use the Chinese
alternative app red note but sadly what
they're finding is that the Chinese
don't even want these refugees this is
been the code report thanks for watching
and I will see you in the next one